Hello friends, my name is Amit Khinvsar.
Welcome to my channel Short Tops. Friends,
in Investing Ideas Part 2, we will
cover one sector - Insurance sector
stocks. Friends, if you do
not have Insurance sector stocks in your portfolio, then
you must watch this video. Friends,
Insurance sector is a good investment
in uncertain times.
This will be a good investment in this portfolio
and the comments are also good in this company.
Friends, this sector
is a very valuable sector currently in India and
in the next year, this sector can get a lot of
growth. The biggest company in this chapter
is HDFC Life Insurance. It is a subsidiary of
Housing Development Finance Corporation. This
company provides
individual and group life insurance
services
in India and the Middle East region. It has a franchise
through which it expands its network and
business. The market cap of this company
is more than Rs 1 lakh 118 thousand crore. Its market cap is more than Rs 1 lakh 118 thousand crore.
It is behind the eighth industry
share is 16.04 sector and due to the combined company,
its growth is a little more.  And
people are paying the price for this top.
Its return on equity is 19.07.
Return on equity is 1608. It has a
very good brand which benefits from this.
Because of this, the premium of this company and this
business is available. This company is Anupshahr. This company has a
profit margin of 6.43. The profit margin of the company is quite good.
K Teacher Ji Road Company. No
loan has been given on the company. Wishes and Asset 24. The
face value of the company is 10. The company's all-time high is
646 which was in 2019 and 307 which was in
2017. The current price of Netam company is Rs.
5850. The company's shift is 6.6 and 52-week
low is 38. Friends, this is a very important
company in the life insurance sector. So
you can study it and see. I will
tell you about another company. SBI
Life Insurance is a subsidiary of SBI.
Meanwhile, it is a subsidiary of State Bank of India.
This company
operates as a private life insurance company in
India.  And it is through different channels
like Bank Source Channel, State Bank
of India branch, through their individual
network, Roy Divisional Office
that the company promotes its products.
In the insurance sector, many new
products have been introduced in this life insurance
which is equity related link and there are
also savings products which give a good portfolio
and a good investment to the
people, so people
invest very well in it and can get good growth.
SBI Life Insurance is a
good brand, its market is of 340
crores, Spread Industries Patience 69
ns160, Return on Equity 1606, Turnover
Capital Employed 0.87 and Return and such
0.05, the company's Anupshahar is Protege point,
so the profit margin is quite good 72.38,
this is also a 10 company, so which is 165, if you
take debt companies in your portfolio, then you
get a good group, its
face value is TAN, its all time is 1030
in October 2018 and your low of this is
220  I am going to
tell you about the third company which is a
very good company in this chapter. It is called
Prudential Life Insurance Corporation Ltd. It is a
very good brand.
It is also a powerhouse in the financial sector. It is based
in the United Kingdom. It is the head
of this company and is a multinational
company. Its products and compliance
of lines and hill plants are done through ICICI
Bank network and its individual offices and
individual brokers. It is one of the fastest companies. The
market cap of the company is 6202
plus its PIMS is 58.33 then the industry
average is 169. Return on equity is
0.68 from Proteus Points. The company's
profit margin is 61.43 and Back to
Rescuers Co. Ltd. The value of the phone remains at an all-
time high.  4721 and all time low from this 226
in March friends we have seen 3 companies
which are listed in the space of Indian
Indian equity market its current price
high price low price 200th we have
seen 3 companies which are
related to insurance sector of life
insurance sector jobs in companies
which are from insurance sector itself this is
but general insurance company which covers and
internet like fire insurance vehicle
insurance mediclaim smudges and
which also has a very good demand and
in 2 minutes it has brought a lot of policies
for tractor this is border with life as well as
general insurance company this
style boys general insurance this is also a
number one company this is one of the oldest companies with
various products travel motor
health care personal accident insurance
engineering liability home insurance
products mail listen
this company is also in their business this
company's market cap is 80 crores it is
48.7 its industry issue price is
much above its industry level its
price is return on equity 19.6 return on
capital employed  100 Turnover 3.12 The company's
turnover is quite good 26.37 Profit
margin is very strong 8.8 Debt to
equity ratio is very negligible
0.08 The face value of the company is 480 Its all
time high is 480 in 2019 and its all time
low is 6 times 138 which is in 2017
Its current price is that of
Valentines Four Scheme Term Insurance
and its current price is 71523 in 2010
1408 and 52-week low is 105 Friends,
now we will study a garment company,
we are General Insurance Corporation of India
This is a term insurance company. It shares the
business and risk of the insurance company through recruitment and
it is called an insurance
company and this is the 40 years experience
of this company which has operated this insurance company. This
insurance company is
under the control of the Government of India. The complete
market cap of the company should be  2707 crores, its
industry is 12.1, so the return on equity of a company
is one point thirteen, the
capital employed of the company is 6.29 and the return on
equity is 2.25,
its profit margin is 4, the
debt-equity ratio of the company is 0, the face value of the company at the
time of filing is 129, which was
felt in 2017 and the all-time low is 8120,
now its current price in Twenty20 is
100, the 52-week low is
given as,
friends, I will tell you about one more company in
an insurance company, New India
Assurance Company Limited, which was
established in 2017 by Sir Dorab
Tata & Co., a subsidiary of Tata
Insurance Company of India. This company is a
life insurance company and is also
proficient in industrial liability
insurance and term insurance products. It is quite
famous and a very big sign in India. The
market cap of the company is more than 900 crores, which is
much less than 3000. The speed of the
company's return on equity capital
Adele 5.83 litre Non S8 1.86 Kiska Anil
Kapoor City 1622 Profit Margin This 60
Company Company's Face Value Affair All Time
History Under-19 21 in 2010 and All Time
Low till 202 This piece money is quite good village
diya in it 10 Current Price 600004
Friends if you like this video then that
Kundli Subscribe my channel
click the bell icon Like my channel
Thanks for sharing and comment Thank
you